Mage

Glyph of Invisibility
Increases your movement speed while invisible by 30%

Glyph of Arcane Missiles
Reduces the mana cost by 5, and increases the damage by 5%.

Glyph of Molten Armor
While your Mana Shield is active, you also gain 3% increased critical strike chance.

Glyph of Living Bomb
When your Living Bomb explodes, there is a 30% chance that the Living Bomb effect is put on a nearby target.

Glyph of Frost Nova
The cooldown of Frost Nova is reset whenever you use Ice Block.

Glyph of Frostfire Orb
Turns your Flame Orb into a Frostfire Bolt, slowing the victims by 20% for 0.5 seconds.

Paladin


Glyph of Reckoning
When you hit an enemy with Reckoning active, you instantly generate 2% of your maximum mana.

Glyph of Avenger's Shield
Your Avenger's Shield also silences the target(s) for 1 seconds.

Glyph of Divine Storm
If your Divine Storm hits 3 or more enemies, you instantly generate 3 holy power.

Glyph of Templar's Verdict
Your Templar's Verdict has a 15% chance not to consume any holy power.

Glyph of Spiritual Attunement
Your Spiritual Attunement now also increases your mana regeneration.

Glyph of Holy Radiance
Causes all targets affected by your Holy Radiance to gain 10% increased damage for 3 seconds.


Warlock

Glyph of Mana Drain
Your Life Drain spell now also steals mana from the enemy, equal to the amount of damage you deal.

Glyph of Seed of Corruption
Your last Corruption DoT tick deals twice more damage.

Glyph of Immolate
Your Immolate has 2 less ticks, damage of ticks is reduced by 5%, but the first hit deals extra damage equal to the 2 ticks.

Glyph of Chaos Bolt
Chaos Bolt now gets an increased damage against targets with resistance. ->   Resistance / 4 = %damage (So if target got 40 resistance, Chaos Bolt deals 10% more damage.)

Glyph of Fear
Reduces the time of Fear by 1 second, but the targets in Fear can now take 40 additional damage.

Glyph of Metamorphosis
Your Metamorphosis now also increases your resistance. (Depends on spellpower; ->   spellpower*0.3 = Resistance)



Warrior

Glyph of Shield Wall
Increases the duration of Shield Wall by 1 second.

Glyph of Enraged Regeneration
Your Enraged Regeneration now also heals you instantly for 7.5% of your maximum health.

Glyph of Heroic Strike
Reduces the rage cost of Heroic Strike by 2

Glyph of Rend
Rend now also deals 15% of the total damage as instant damage.

Glyph of Heroic Leap
When used reduces the cooldown of Whirlwind by 10 seconds.

Glyph of Mortal Strike
Your Mortal Strike reduces the physical damage your enemy deals by 10%.

Shaman

Glyph of Healing Wave
Your Healing Wave no longer grants armor, but the effectiveness of the heal is increased by 25%.

Glyph of Water Shield
Your Water Shield now also passively increases your mana regeneration, giving 1% of your maximum mana back every 5 seconds.

Glyph of Earthbind Totem
Increases slowdown effect by additional 10%

Glyph of Frost Shock
Frost Shock deals 50% more damage but does not slowdown your enemy

Glyph of Fire Nova Totem
Your Fire Nova Totem no longer explodes, instead it deals damage to all nearby enemies every second.

Glyph of Shamanistic Rage
Your Shamanistic Rage also causes you to be immune to all movement speed effects.



Priest

Glyph of Hymn of Hope
Causes your Hymn of Hope to heal the targets by the equal amount of mana they gain.

Glyph of Heals
Reduces the CD, amount healed and the mana cost of your Greater Heal and Flash Heal by 30%.

Glyph of Power Word: Shield
Your PW:Shield now also heals the target instantly for 25% of the absorption amount.

Glyph of Inner Fire
Your Inner Fire now also increases your spellpower by 2/4/5%.

Glyph of Shadowform
Your Shadowform also increases all healing you take by 15%.

Glyph of Shadow Word: Death
Increases the damage of Shadow Word: Death by 50% if your target is at or under 35% health.


Death Knight

Glyph of Heartfire
Your Heartfire also causes you to take 10% less damage from all sources.

Glyph of Rune Tap
Your Rune Tap also heals you for an additional 8% of your maximum health over 8 seconds.

Glyph of Howling Blast
Increases the damage of Icy Touch by 20%

Glyph of Frost Strike
Increases the chance for Frost Strike to happen by 5%.

Glyph of Necrotic Strike
Your Necrotic Strike now also deals 10% extra damage, but the duration of the de-buff is reduced to 6 seconds.

Glyph of Scourge Strike
If you have the Scourge Strike talent, your Plague Strike will also reduce the damage the target deals by 10%.


Rogue

Glyph of Adrenaline Rush
While Adrenaline Rush is active, your attacks will also deal 50% of the damage to one nearby enemy.

Glyph of Sinister Strike
Reduces the energy cost by 5

Glyph of Fan of Knives
Your Fan of Knives ability can now proc Deadly Poison.

Glyph of Poison
Your poisons now ignore armor.

Glyph of Stealth
Reduces the time it takes to Stealth by 20%.

Glyph of Ambush
After you hit an enemy with Ambush, the target is slowed by 50% for 2 seconds.
